= Fraudpointer PHP Client Library

== Introduction

If you are here, you have already created an Account at Fraudpointer service.
{Fraudpointer}[http://www.fraudpointer.com/] is there for you to fight fraud.
It comes in two parts.

1) The {Fraudpointer Application}[https://production.fraudpointer.com/]
This is where you login and manage your Account settings and do your daily operations
with regards to Fraud.
   
2) The Fraudpointer Server.
This is an HTTP Server that you can use to integrate your application with Fraudpointer
and enjoy its valuable fraud prevention functionality.

Since Fraudpointer Server talks HTTP in a RESTful manner, we have decided to help you out there
and publish a client library that you can use with your PHP application code. Our target is
to speed you up with integrating your application with Fraudpointer and start getting real value
out of it, as quickly and easily as possible.

== What you are getting from this repository?

If you download the contents of this repository you will get:

* A PHP Web Application that demonstrates the use of Fraudpointer PHP Client API
* A PHP Console example that demonstrates the use of the Fraudpointer PHP Client API 
* Detailed API Reference Documentation in HTML format
* The Fraudpointer PHP Client API itself 

== Requirements to run demos

You cannot run the demos just like that. You will need to have 

* a Fraudpointer Account in APPROVED status. 
* your public IPs you access Fraudpointer Server from, need to be registered in your Fraudpointer
  Account settings. 

Having done these two, you will get your private API key and you will be able to
start using demos and developing against Fraudpointer API. (If you do not have a Fraudpointer
Account, go ahead and create one {here}[https://production.fraudpointer.com/a/new]. It's FREE.)

== API Reference

When you download the repository, the following folder contains HTML API Reference:

    Documentation

== Developer's

A Developer's Guide can be found {here}[http://documentation.fraudpointer.com/developers-guide/developers-guide-home-page/]

== Support

Do not hesitate to e-mail Fraudpointer support ({support@fraudpointer.com}[mailto:support@fraudpointer.com]).
We would be happy to help you out there with your integration effort.

